---
title: iHeartMedia and CitizenSkull Team Up To Develop Premium Scripted Podcasts and
  Announce First-Look Deal
url: https://content.iheartmedia.com/press/iheartmedia-and-citizenskull-team-develop-premium-scripted-podcasts-and-announce-first-look
date: '2026-05-25'
author: iHeartMedia
feed_url: http://www.iheartmedia.com/feed
---
First show of the deal, a sci-fi podcast from best-selling comic book duo Jackson Lanzing and Collin Kelly, set to launch this fall NEW YORK – April 23, 2026 – iHeartMedia, the leading audio media company in America, has entered into a multi-year first-look development deal on all projects developed by CitizenSkull, the companies announced today. The partnership establishes an ongoing, multi-project relationship focused on developing and producing premium scripted audio content in the elevated genre space, with a focus on sci-fi and horror, and an emphasis on franchise-ready intellectual property (IP). The first project under the deal will be “Prodigal,” a sci-fi thriller created and written by New York Times bestselling comic book duo Jackson Lanzing and Collin Kelly, set to release this fall. The pair are known for their work across Marvel and DC, where they have written titles including Batman Beyond, Captain America, and Kang the Conqueror, building a reputation for high-concept, character-driven storytelling. “We built this partnership with iHeart to create elevated genre storytelling that doesn’t just live in audio, but has the potential to expand across platforms,” said Butler. “’Prodigal’ is exactly the type of bold, high-concept IP we want to bring to market—grounded in character but designed to scale.” “The deal underscores iHeartMedia’s continued commitment to high-end scripted audio, aligning with top-tier creative talent to develop original IP with multiplatform franchise potential,” said Will Pearson, President, iHeartPodcasts. The series will be showrun by Kevin Arbouet, whose work spans film, television, and audio, and who previously served as showrunner on THE MOVE: The Untold Story of an American Tragedy for Audible. Executive producing for CitizenSkull are Sean M. Butler and Mark Myers, with Butler also serving as Producer. Paul Yurick of The Future Party co-produces alongside Butler, and Boye Akolade serves as co-executive producer. Butler has established a track record in premium audio and franchise-driven storytelling, having developed, sold and served as Executive Producer on the first iteration of the hit sports podcast All The Smoke, which was sold to Showtime, and serving as Executive Producer and Producer on THE MOVE: The Untold Story of an American Tragedy alongside Oscar-nominated studio MACRO, led by Charles King. About CitizenSkull CitizenSkull is a production and management company focused on developing premium content across film, television and audio, with an emphasis on distinctive voices and franchise-driven storytelling.
