---
title: Lauren Alaina, George Birge, Chase Matthew, RaeLynn and Josh Ross to Perform
  at the Daytime Village at the 2026 iHeartCountry Festival Presented by Capital One
  on May 2
url: https://content.iheartmedia.com/press/lauren-alaina-george-birge-chase-matthew-raelynn-and-josh-ross-perform-daytime-village-2026
date: '2026-05-25'
author: iHeartMedia
feed_url: http://www.iheartmedia.com/feed
---
NEW YORK- April 16, 2026- iHeartMedia announced today the lineup for the Daytime Village at the 2026 iHeartCountry Festival Presented by Capital One on Saturday, May 2 from 12:30-4:30 p.m. CT at the Dell Technologies Plaza of Moody Center in Austin, TX.  The free daytime event will feature performances by Lauren Alaina, George Birge, Chase Matthew, RaeLynn and Josh Ross . The Daytime Village will also feature interactive experiences by iHeartRadio's brand partners. Now in its thirteenth year, the 2026 main stage lineup will feature Luke Bryan, Kane Brown, Parker McCollum, Riley Green, Carly Pearce, Shaboozey, Lauren Alaina, Dylan Scott, Russell Dickerson, Gretchen Wilson, Chase Matthew and special guest George Birge. The festival is once again hosted by iHeartMedia's nationally syndicated top on-air Country personality, Bobby Bones. Tickets to the main stage at the 2026 iHeartCountry Festival are on sale now at TicketMaster.com . Hulu will be the Official Streaming Destination of the festival, with performances livestreamed exclusively to all Hulu subscribers. Additional information about the livestream will be posted across Hulu’s platform and social media channels. The event will also broadcast across iHeartCountry stations nationwide and the iHeartRadio app on Saturday, May 2 at 8 p.m. ET/5 p.m. PT (7 p.m. CT). iHeartCountry Festival Presented by Capital One is an iHeartMedia Production. Proud partners of this year’s event include presenting partner Capital One, Bobcat, Booking.com, Electric for All, She Rises Studios, St. Jude Children's Research Hospital®, with more to be announced. St. Jude Children's Research Hospital® is the benefiting charity partner of the 2026 iHeartCountry Festival. Music unites, heals, and changes lives and that’s why the country music community is proud to support St. Jude in the fight against childhood cancer and invites fans to help too. Fans can visit musicgives.org today and become a Partner in Hope. Donations ensure that no family ever receives a bill from St. Jude for treatment, travel, housing, or food. For more information visit iHeartRadio.com/countryfestival . Artists and/or events subject to change or cancellation without notice.
