---
title: The 2026 iHeartCountry Festival Presented by Capital One on May 2 from Moody
  Center in Austin, Texas
url: https://content.iheartmedia.com/press/2026-iheartcountry-festival-presented-capital-one-may-2-moody-center-austin-texas
date: '2026-05-25'
author: iHeartMedia
feed_url: http://www.iheartmedia.com/feed
---
Disney+ and Hulu to stream the iHeartCountry Festival live The event will also broadcast across iHeartCountry Stations Nationwide WHAT: On Saturday, May 2 iHeartMedia celebrates the biggest names in country music at the 2026 iHeartCountry Festival Presented by Capital One at 7 p.m. CT from Moody Center in Austin, TX. Disney+ and Hulu will live stream all of the performances, giving subscribers exclusive front-row access from the comfort of their home. The event will also broadcast across iHeartCountry stations nationwide and the iHeartRadio app on Saturday, May 2 at 8 p.m. ET/5 p.m. PT (7 p.m. CT). WHO: The main stage will feature performances from Luke Bryan, Kane Brown, Parker McCollum, Riley Green, Carly Pearce, Shaboozey, Lauren Alaina, Dylan Scott, Russell Dickerson, Gretchen Wilson, Chase Matthew and special guest George Birge. The Daytime Village takes place on Saturday, May 2 from 12:30-4:30 p.m. CT at the Dell Technologies Plaza of Moody Center in Austin, TX. The free daytime event will feature live performances by Lauren Alaina, George Birge, Chase Matthew, RaeLynn and Josh Ross. WHEN: Saturday, May 2, 2026 WHERE: Moody Center (2001 Robert Dedman Dr, Austin, TX 78712) MORE: Tickets to the main stage at the 2026 iHeartCountry Festival are on sale now at TicketMaster.com . Additional information about the livestream can be found at DisneyPlusHulu.Live/iHeartCountry . iHeartCountry Festival Presented by Capital One is an iHeartMedia Production. Proud partners of this year’s event include presenting partner Capital One, America250, Bobcat, Booking.com, Electric for All, She Rises Studios and St. Jude Children's Research Hospital®. St. Jude Children's Research Hospital® is the benefiting charity partner of the 2026 iHeartCountry Festival. Music unites, heals, and changes lives and that’s why the country music community is proud to support St. Jude in the fight against childhood cancer and invites fans to help too. Fans can visit musicgives.org today and become a Partner in Hope. Donations ensure that no family ever receives a bill from St. Jude for treatment, travel, housing, or food. For more information visit iHeartRadio.com/countryfestival . Artists and/or events subject to change or cancellation without notice.
