---
title: iHeartMedia and Procter & Gamble (P&G) Launch the Elton John Impact Awards
  to Honor LGBTQ+ Icons and Trailblazers with a Podcast Special Airing June 1
url: https://content.iheartmedia.com/press/iheartmedia-and-procter-gamble-pg-launch-elton-john-impact-awards-honor-lgbtq-icons-and
date: '2026-05-25'
author: iHeartMedia
feed_url: http://www.iheartmedia.com/feed
---
Hosted by Billy Porter and Elvis Duran, the special honors changemakers Jonathan Bailey, Laverne Cox, Melissa Etheridge, Billie Jean King, Orville Peck and Chappell Roan for their outstanding impact on the LGBTQ+ community and features a special performance by Dove Cameron By raising critical visibility and providing financial support, the Elton John Impact Awards also helps ensure that LGBTQ+ organizations — from advocacy groups to health services and community centers — can continue offering essential, life-affirming programs View the trailer HERE NEW YORK- May 18, 2026- iHeartMedia and P&G announce the inaugural Elton John Impact Awards, celebrating trailblazing LGBTQ+ community members and prominent allies. Hosted by Billy Porter and Elvis Duran, the special will launch as a podcast series on the iHeartRadio app and everywhere podcasts are heard and as an audio special airing across iHeartRadio PRIDE stations on June 1. The Elton John Impact Awards recognizes those whose lifelong work has inspired change and shaped culture, while also giving back to LGBTQ+ organizations that uplift the communities they serve. The program will help drive visibility and funding for a range of frontline organizations working to support the LGBTQ+ community including the Elton John AIDS Foundation. In partnership with Brandi Carlile’s Looking Out Foundation, additional funds will be granted to CenterLink, GLAAD, the National Black Justice Collective, Outright International, SAGE, and the Trevor Project. Each organization addresses various critical needs across the LGBTQ+ community, such as supporting and advocating for LGBTQ+ elder care, increasing access to preventative health services and treatment, and providing mental health support for young people. Created by iHeartMedia and P&G, the first-ever podcast awards ceremony recognizes the legendary individuals who have made outstanding contributions to the LGBTQ+ community, bringing together art, culture and impact. This year’s esteemed honorees include: Jonathan Bailey – Film, television and stage actor who launched The Shameless Fund to support LGBTQ+ charities. Laverne Cox - Emmy-nominated actress and Emmy-winning producer who has elevated transgender visibility in mainstream media and remains a powerful voice for equality and inclusion. Melissa Etheridge - Grammy and Oscar-winning musician who has used her platform to champion LGBTQ+ rights for decades through personal storytelling within her music and cultural advocacy. Billie Jean King - Sports Icon and award-winning humanitarian who has spent her life advocating for gender and LGBTQ+ equality in and out of sports. Orville Peck – Trailblazing country performer who uses his artistic persona to blend traditional country aesthetics with queer themes and uses his platforms to create visibility and advocate for the LGBTQ+ community. Chappell Roan – Pop icon who advocates for LGBTQ+ rights with her unapologetic artistry and founding of The Midwest Princess Project to support trans youth. Hosted by Billy Porter and iHeartRadio’s Elvis Duran, the special will feature candid, personal conversations with Elton John, David Furnish, Chair of the Elton John AIDS Foundation, and this year’s legendary and iconic honorees. Listeners are invited behind the scenes to hear the stories, challenges, and defining moments that shaped each honoree’s journey, told in their own words like never before. To mark the inaugural broadcast, multiplatinum recording artist Dove Cameron will deliver a special performance of 'Your Song' in tribute to Elton John’s legacy. “I’ve always believed in the power of storytelling to connect us and challenge us,” said Elton John. “These conversations bring together the people who have shaped LGBTQ+ culture and fought for dignity at a time when the world too often looked away. Some are friends who stood beside me through the AIDS crisis, others are carrying the torch forward with the new generation. Hearing their stories and reflecting on how far we’ve come, and how far we still have to go, is deeply humbling. This is history that cannot be forgotten and these are voices that must be heard.” The Elton John Impact Award was first introduced in 2022 at “Can’t Cancel Pride,” a virtual benefit concert launched by iHeartMedia and P&G, where Elton John was its inaugural recipient in recognition of his decades-long advocacy for LGBTQ+ rights and the fight to end AIDS. Since then, the award has honored trailblazers including Brandi Carlile and Billy Porter, evolving into the Elton John Impact Awards inspired by Elton’s legacy. Over the course of five years, Can't Cancel Pride raised over $17 million for LGBTQ+ nonprofits. “We’re honored to partner with Elton John and P&G to tell these stories of the incredible icons to celebrate their enduring impact on the LGBTQ+ community,” said Gayle Troberman, for iHeartMedia. “Because of this, we are also able to showcase what’s possible when we use our voice to support the organizations on the ground delivering critical support to those in need.” “We are proud to celebrate these cultural icons and community organizations that both inspire and support people in communities around the world,” said Brent Miller for P&G.  “Through their efforts, they have helped us to better understand and uplift each other while working to create a world where equality and inclusion are achievable for all.  They each use their special gifts—whether in the arts, athletics or community impact—to help inspire others with hope, action and impact.” “The Elton John Impact Awards spotlight the vital work of organizations protecting LGBTQ+ communities and advancing health equity around the world,” said David Furnish, Chair of the Elton John AIDS Foundation. “At a time when LGBTQ+ rights and health equity remain under threat globally, investing in organizations on the frontlines has never been more urgent.” A panel of inspirational leaders worked closely with Elton John to select this year’s honorees. Advisory Council members include Chair of the Elton John AIDS Foundation and CEO of Rocket Entertainment David Furnish; three-time Tony plus Grammy, Emmy and Drama Desk-winning artist Billy Porter; Grammy and Emmy Award-winning and Oscar-nominated musician Brandi Carlile; the Elton John AIDS Foundation CEO Anne Aslett; and Can’t Cancel Pride’s and Elton John Impact Awards’ Founding Producers P&G’s Brent Miller and iHeartMedia's John Sykes. Proud charitable foundation partners of this year’s event include the Elton John AIDS Foundation and The Looking Out Foundation. Since it was founded in 1992, the Elton John AIDS Foundation has provided support and care for the LGBTQ+ community and tackled the stigma that stands in the way of ending AIDS for everyone, everywhere. Since 2020, the Foundation has awarded more than 55 grants and invested over $23 million in programs across 47 countries. The Looking Out Foundation amplifies the impact of music by awarding grants, engaging community, and creating powerful partnerships. From neighborhood to nation, we activate our dedicated coalition of fan volunteers and use our platform to uplift humanitarian causes, organizations, and activists leading the fight to create a better world. For more information visit EltonJohnImpactAwards.com. Editor’s Note: Available images HERE View the trailer HERE ### About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit https://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. For other P&G news, visit us at https://www.pg.com/news . About the Elton John AIDS Foundation: The Elton John AIDS Foundation was established in 1992 and is one of the leading independent AIDS organizations in the world. The Foundation's mission is simple: an end to the AIDS epidemic. The Elton John AIDS Foundation is committed to overcoming the stigma, discrimination and neglect that keep us from ending AIDS. With the mobilization of our network of generous supporters and partners, we fund local experts across four continents to challenge discrimination, prevent infections and provide treatment, as well as informing government strategies to end AIDS. About the Looking Out Foundation Founded by Brandi Carlile in 2008, the Looking Out Foundation amplifies the impact of music by empowering those without a voice, with campaigns focused on children living in war zones, prevention and reduction of youth incarceration, and raising awareness for victims of sexual assault.
