---
title: '“Hey Jonas!”: Jonas Brothers Make Their Move Into Podcasting with iHeartPodcasts
  Deal'
url: https://content.iheartmedia.com/press/hey-jonas-jonas-brothers-make-their-move-podcasting-iheartpodcasts-deal
date: '2026-05-25'
author: iHeartMedia
feed_url: http://www.iheartmedia.com/feed
---
Debut Podcast Premieres Tomorrow, May 20 The Official Trailer is Available Now HERE and on YouTube LOS ANGELES – May 19, 2026 – iHeartPodcasts, the No. 1 podcast publisher globally according to Podtrac , today announced an exclusive podcast partnership with global pop superstars Jonas Brothers and their production banner, Powered by Jonas, for a new series titled “ Hey Jonas! ” Executive produced by Kevin, Joe and Nick Jonas, the podcast will pull fans deeper than ever into the brothers’ world with an intimate, wildly fun and refreshingly unfiltered look at their lives on and off the stage. The official trailer is available now on the iHeartRadio app, YouTube , and all major audio platforms, with the premiere episode set to debut tomorrow, Wednesday, May 20. Building on their longstanding relationship with iHeartMedia, from the radio waves to live iHeart concert stages, the Jonas Brothers are embarking on their latest endeavor with “Hey Jonas!” Known for their chart-topping hits and devoted fanbase, the brothers’ new podcast will give fans an inside look at the chaos, laughs and real-life moments of brotherhood through candid, unfiltered conversations about family, touring, personal moments fans rarely see and everything in between. Along the way, Kevin, Joe and Nick will be joined by people who know them best, from family members, close friends and longtime confidantes. More personal, more playful and more Jonas than ever, this series will bring fans closer to the brothers in a whole new way. In a fun, nostalgic nod to fan hotlines, listeners can dial in to 1-84-HEY-JONAS (1-844-395-6627) to ask questions and hear from the brothers directly on everything from personal dilemmas to hot topics. Bonus episodes and exclusive interviews will also roll out, offering even more behind-the-scenes access. “ Hey Jonas! ” is executive produced by Amy Sugarman and Danielle Romo for iHeartPodcasts and serves as the first title in a new slate of original programming from the Jonas Brothers. Listen on the iHeartRadio app and everywhere podcasts are heard. Follow @ JonasBrothers and @ HeyJonasPodcast on Instagram for podcast clips and updates. Editor’s Note: Download the show cover art HERE . Include the “Hey Jonas!” audio player directly into your article using the following embed code: <iframe allow="autoplay" width="100%" height="200" src=" https://www.iheart.com/podcast/1119-hey-jonas-333396848?app=listen&embe… " frameborder="0"></iframe> About Jonas Brothers Standing out as one of the most successful groups of the 21st century, Jonas Brothers—Nick Jonas, Joe Jonas, and Kevin Jonas—have sold north of 20 million albums and counting, garnered two GRAMMY® Award nominations, earned 26 Billboard Hot 100 hits, logged three consecutive #1 debuts on the Billboard 200, and generated billions of streams. Among many accolades, they’ve recently claimed a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. In 2019, they notably ignited the comeback of the decade with their Platinum-Certified Republic Records debut, Happiness Begins. It yielded the history-making, 5x-Platinum smash “Sucker,” which minted them as “the first group in the 21st century to debut at #1 on the Hot 100,” exploded as the “longest running #1 Pop Airplay Single of 2019,” and received a GRAMMY® Award nomination in the category of “Best Pop Duo/Group Performance.” Bowing at #1 on the Billboard 200, Happiness Begins impressively scored the “biggest sales week of 2019 at time of release” and housed the Double-Platinum “Only Human” and Platinum “Cool.” The band supported the album with the worldwide “Happiness Begins Tour”—selling over 1.2 million tickets—and the Amazon Original documentaries Chasing Happiness and Happiness Continues. Along the way, the members simultaneously juggled prolific solo careers extending into television, film, and successful business ventures. In 2023, Jonas Brothers once again proved they are a constant force, embarking on a new era with the release of The Album, via Republic Records. The Album was produced by Jon Bellion and features hit singles “Waffle House” and “Wings.” In support of the new album and this new era for Jonas Brothers, they kicked off “The Tour” with two sold-out shows at New York’s iconic Yankee Stadium. “The Tour” included stadium and arena dates around the globe through 2024, resulting in the band’s biggest and most extensive tour to date. 2025 marked a special year for Jonas Brothers as they celebrated their 20th anniversary as a band. To kick off the year, Jonas Brothers released two new singles–“Slow Motion” with producer Marshmello and “Love Me To Heaven.” They also hosted a milestone JONASCON fan event at New Jersey’s American Dream, where they celebrated 20 years of legacy, memories, and the Jonas Brothers fan community with over 75,000 fans from all over the world in attendance. JONASCON kicked off what became an unforgettable year for the Jonas Brothers, including their brand new album, Greetings from Your Hometown, and the highly anticipated ‘JONAS20: Greetings From Your Hometown’ Tour, which kicked off on August 10th at MetLife Stadium to a sold-out crowd. Rounding out their 20th anniversary year, the brothers’ hand and footprints were immortalized at the iconic TCL Theatre, and they were formally inducted into the New Jersey Hall of Fame. They also starred in the holiday film A Very Jonas Christmas Movie on Disney+.
