---
title: Luke Bryan, Kane Brown, Parker McCollum, Riley Green, Carly Pearce, Shaboozey,
  Lauren Alaina, Dylan Scott, Russell Dickerson, Gretchen Wilson and More Took to
  the Stage at This Year’s iHeartCountry Festival Presented by Capital One
url: https://content.iheartmedia.com/press/luke-bryan-kane-brown-parker-mccollum-riley-green-carly-pearce-shaboozey-lauren-alaina-0
date: '2026-05-25'
author: iHeartMedia
feed_url: https://feeds.feedburner.com/iHeartMediaPressReleases
---
Disney+ and Hulu streamed the iHeartCountry Festival live and it was broadcast across iHeartCountry stations nationwide NEW YORK- May 4, 2026- The thirteenth annual iHeartCountry Festival Presented by Capital One celebrated Country music’s hottest artists including Luke Bryan, Kane Brown, Parker McCollum, Riley Green, Carly Pearce, Shaboozey, Lauren Alaina, Dylan Scott, Russell Dickerson, Gretchen Wilson, Chase Matthew and special guest George Birge at Moody Center in Austin, Texas. The festival was once again hosted by iHeartMedia's nationally syndicated top on-air Country personality, Bobby Bones. Disney+ and Hulu livestreamed all of the performances, giving subscribers exclusive front-row access from the comfort of their home. The event also broadcasted across iHeartCountry stations nationwide and on the iHeartRadio app on Saturday, May 2 at 8 p.m. ET/5 p.m. PT (7 p.m. CT). The Daytime Village at the iHeartCountry Festival featured performances by Lauren Alaina, George Birge, Chase Matthew, RaeLynn and Josh Ross. Highlights from this year’s festival include: Parker McCollum kicked off the iHeartCountry Festival with his hits “What Kinda Man,” “Killing Me,” “Pretty Heart,” “Solid Country Gold,” “To Be Loved” and more. Chase Matthew kept the party going with his hits “Holdin It Down,” “Love You Again,” and “Darlin’.” Russell Dickerson kept the crowd entertained with “Worth Your Wild,” “She Likes It,” “Blue Tacoma,” “Yours,” and “Happen To Me.” Gretchen Wilson gave a legendary performance of her fan favorites “Here for the Party,” “Redneck Shit,” “All Jacked Up,” and “Redneck Woman.” Dylan Scott took the stage performing “Good Times,” “Can’t Have Mine,” “My Girl,” and more. Lauren Alaina had the crowd singing along to “Raining Whiskey,” “One Beer,” and surprised the crowd by bringing out Chase Matthew to perform their song “All my Ex’s,” and closed out her set with “Road Less Traveled.” Kane Brown got the crowd on their feet performing his hits “Like I Love Country Music,” “I Can Feel It,” “Bury Me in Georgia,” “Famous Friends,” “Miles On It” and more. Carly Pearce hit the stage giving an unforgettable performance of “Happy Now,” “Truck on Fire,” “What He Didn’t Do,” and the crowd went wild when Riley Green joined her onstage for their song “If I Don’t Leave.” Luke Bryan rocked the iHeartCountry stage with his fan favorites “That’s My Kind of Night,” “Play It Again,” and brought out George Birge to perform their new song “Ride Ride Ride.” He continued his set with “Knockin’ Boots,” “Country On,” and his classic “Country Girl (Shake It For Me).” Shaboozey had the crowd dancing to his songs “Last of My Kind,” “Amen,” “Good News,” and “A Bar Song (Tipsy).” Riley Green closed out the 2026 iHeartCountry Festival performing “Different ‘Round Here,” “There Was This Girl,” “I Wish Grandpas Never Died,” brought out Carly Pearce to sing “Don’t Mind If I Do” and closed his set with “Worst Way.” iHeartCountry Festival Presented by Capital One is an iHeartMedia Production. Proud partners of this year’s event include presenting partner Capital One, America250, Bobcat, Booking.com, Electric for All, She Rises Studios and St. Jude Children's Research Hospital®. St. Jude Children's Research Hospital® is the benefiting charity partner of the 2026 iHeartCountry Festival. Music unites, heals, and changes lives and that’s why the country music community is proud to support St. Jude in the fight against childhood cancer and invites fans to help too. Fans can visit musicgives.org today and become a Partner in Hope. Donations ensure that no family ever receives a bill from St. Jude for treatment, travel, housing, or food. For more information visit iHeartRadio.com/countryfestival . To access photos and b-roll from the event, please use the links below: B-roll: HERE Photos: PW: iHCF_2026! Show: https://iheartradio.photoshelter.com/galleries/C00000Q6b1baBSXs/G00003UKBRHPsSrc/Best-of-The-2026-iHeartCountry-Festival Red Carpet: https://iheartradio.photoshelter.com/galleries/C0000_IuTlWliPbM/G0000dNzNx6RXLkk/Press-Room Photo credit: Name in caption (ie: Rick Kern for iHeartRadio)
