---
title: Improv Comedy Podcast “Artists on Artists on Artists on Artists” Joins iHeartMedia
  and Will Ferrell’s Big Money Players
url: https://content.iheartmedia.com/press/improv-comedy-podcast-artists-artists-artists-artists-joins-iheartmedia-and-will-ferrells-big
date: '2026-05-25'
author: iHeartMedia
feed_url: https://feeds.feedburner.com/iHeartMediaPressReleases
---
Beginning today, May 7, the improvised Hollywood roundtable podcast will release all-new episodes under the Big Money Players network with upcoming guests including Anna Konkle, Chanse McCrary, Ashby, and Tim Baltz Listen to today’s new episode HERE WHAT : “ Artists on Artists on Artists on Artists ” (AOAOAOA), the improvised comedy podcast featuring chaotic, pretentious, and hilariously unfiltered conversations between fictional Hollywood personalities, joins iHeartMedia and Will Ferrell’s Big Money Players network (BMP) today. Hosted by Kylie Brakeman, Jeremy Culhane, Angela Giarratana and Patrick McDonald, the show was born out of a creative partnership that began on an Upright Citizens Brigade sketch team in 2019. The group launched the podcast during the pandemic as a way to keep creating together, building a following around its fully improvised format and ensemble dynamic. Since then, AOAOAOA has released more than 220 episodes. “We are so excited for AOAOAOA to join the BMP family. This is a huge win for annoying people everywhere,” said Kylie, Jeremy, Angela and Patrick. WHO : Comedians Kylie Brakeman, Jeremy Culhane, Patrick McDonald, Angela Giarratana and iHeartMedia and Will Ferrell’s Big Money Players podcast network. See the full lineup of Big Money Player podcasts HERE . Full host bios below. WHEN : AOAOAOA joins BMP today, May 7, 2026 with new episodes available weekly on Thursdays. WHERE : AOAOAOA is distributed by iHeartPodcasts and available on the iHeartRadio app and everywhere podcasts are heard. Listen now, HERE . Video episodes are also available on YouTube . EMBED PLAYER: <iframe allow="autoplay" width="100%" height="300" src=" https://www.iheart.com/podcast/269-artists-on-artists-on-arti-83218269/… " frameborder="0"></iframe> ASSETS : Hi-Res Show Art HERE About Kylie Brakeman Kylie Brakeman is an actor, comedian, and TV writer who has worked on The Tonight Show, Adult Swim, and G4. She also wrote for Dropout, and The Kids Tonight Show. Brakeman's videos have been featured in The Guardian, The Atlantic, The LA Times, and other publications. In 2020, she was named to the New York Times Great Performers List. About Jeremy Culhane Jeremy Culhane is a comedian, actor and writer with over 500k followers across all social media platforms. He became a featured player on Saturday Night Live for its 51st season in 2025. Jeremy is a mainstay on Dropout TV, appearing in various shows across the network. Some of his TV credits include Sex Lives of College Girls, American Vandal, and Heathers. About Patrick McDonald Patrick McDonald is a queer writer, director, and comedian from Mansfield, Texas. You've seen him and his writing online on SMOSH and Dropout, and in original works like "I Live In Your House," "Big Bear," and his YouTube talk show "Havin' A Day." Film/TV credits include "Quiz Lady," "Am I OK?," "Night Court," and "Zac Snyder's Justice League." About Angela Giarratana Angela Giarratana is an actor, writer, singer, and producer whose most recent credits include Star Trek: Strange New Worlds, Night Court, Minx, and the ABC Discovers Talent Showcase. Angela currently is a cast member on youtube channel SMOSH along TeamStarkid and Dropout TV. Angela most recently went to Sundance with her short film 'guts' that she starred in and produced. About Big Money Players Founded by Will Ferrell and iHeartMedia, the Big Money Players Network is the premiere destination for comedy podcasts and home to top comedic talent across a variety of formats and styles – both scripted and unscripted. In addition to audio’s No. 1 comedy “The Ron Burgundy Podcast,” BMP features long-running hits like “Las Culturistas with Matt Rogers and Bowen Yang,” “Thanks Dad with Ego Nwodim,” “Hollywood Handbook,”  “Straightiolab” and more. All BMP podcasts are executive produced by Will Ferrell and iHeartMedia and are distributed through the iHeartPodcast Network. See the full catalog here.
