---
title: iHeartMedia and Will Ferrell’s Big Money Players Launch New Comedy Podcast
  “Humor Me With Robert Smigel & Friends”
url: https://content.iheartmedia.com/press/iheartmedia-and-will-ferrells-big-money-players-launch-new-comedy-podcast-humor-me-robert
date: '2026-05-25'
author: iHeartMedia
feed_url: https://feeds.feedburner.com/iHeartMediaPressReleases
---
Comedy legend Robert Smigel is joined by Saturday Night Live’s Mikey Day and Streeter Seidell in the debut episode of the show, which is also set to feature guest comedians including Bob Odenkirk, David Letterman, Dave Attell, and Ellie Kemper Listen to the first episode HERE WHAT: “Humor Me With Robert Smigel & Friends,” a comedy podcast hosted by Emmy Award-winning writer, producer, actor and director Robert Smigel, debuts today from iHeartMedia and Will Ferrell’s Big Money Players podcast network (BMP). The show was created by Michelle Saks Smigel. “ Humor Me With Robert Smigel & Friends ” is a weekly podcast where host Robert Smigel, and a rotating panel of his close funny friends, assist callers seeking help in making something in their real life funnier. Anything. A best man speech, a eulogy, a fan letter, a sermon, an apology, a Tinder profile - Robert, with a panel of professional comedy writers and comedians, will punch it up and get results. Callers can send a voice message to the “Humor Me” team at speakpipe.com/humorme . Longtime “Saturday Night Live” cast member Mikey Day and his writing partner, SNL head writer Streeter Seidell, join Robert for the debut episode, along with a surprise colleague of theirs. In the episode, they team up to help an a cappella group punch up their banter between songs. Additional comedians and comedy writers set to appear as guests on “Humor Me With Robert Smigel & Friends” include Dave Attell, Andy Breckman, Jim Downey, Jim Gaffigan, Ellie Kemper, Michael Koman, David Letterman, Bruce McCulloch, Alex Moffat, Bob Odenkirk, Colin Quinn, Rob Riggle, Eric Slovin, Dino Stamatopoulos and Mike Sweeney. WHO: Comedian, actor and writer Robert Smigel (full bio below), and iHeartMedia and Will Ferrell’s Big Money Players. See the full lineup of Big Money Player podcasts HERE . WHEN: Debuting today, May 8, 2026 with new episodes available weekly on Fridays. WHERE: “Humor Me With Robert Smigel & Friends” is distributed by iHeartPodcasts and available on the iHeartRadio app and everywhere podcasts are heard. Listen now HERE . EMBED PLAYER: <iframe allow="autoplay" width="100%" height="200" src=" https://www.iheart.com/podcast/1119-humor-me-with-robert-smig-331986194/episode/939-lite-fm-853?app=listen&embed=true " frameborder="0"></iframe> ASSETS: Hi-res show art HERE About Robert Smigel Robert Smigel is a writer, producer, actor and director known best for his Saturday Night Live “TV Funhouse” cartoon shorts, including The Ambiguously Gay Duo, Fun With Real Audio, and the X-Presidents, and as the creator and voice of Triumph, the Insult Comic Dog, the foul-mouthed puppet who has mercilessly mocked everyone from Star Wars and Bon Jovi fans to Eminem and Ted Cruz. Triumph continues to appear on The Daily Show and Hollywood Squares, but did the bulk of his poopery on Late Night with Conan O’Brien, for which Robert served as the first Head Writer/Producer, creating numerous bits including “In the Year 2000” as well as providing the mouth/voices for Conan’s celebrity “Clutch Cargo” interviews of Bill Clinton, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Donald Trump and many more. Robert met Conan at SNL, where they collaborated on many sketches including the infamous Nude Beach and the Girlwatchers (with Tom Hanks). They also wrote and produced the legendary unsold pilot Lookwell starring Adam West. Robert’s own best-known sketches at SNL included the Chicago Super Fans, Schmitt’s Gay Beer, William Shatner and the Trekkies, Mastermind Reagan, The Sinatra Group, Seinfeld’s Stand Up & Win and Steve Martin’s Holiday Wish and “Not Gonna Phone It In Tonight” song. Most recently, Robert co-wrote, co-directed, wrote songs for and voices characters in the animated Netflix movie, LEO, starring Adam Sandler, Bill Burr and Cecily Strong, which was the service’s most successful animated film at the time. He also co-wrote and produced Sandler’s Hotel Transylvania, Hotel Transylvania 2 and You Don’t Mess with the Zohan. His film debut as a writer/director was The Week Of (2018) starring Sandler and Chris Rock. Robert has had roles in many Sandler films as well as This is 40, Punch Drunk Love, Marriage Story and the recent Sundance hit Between the Temples with Jason Schwartzman and Carol Kane, as well as featured roles on Curb Your Enthusiasm, Portlandia and What We Do in the Shadows. Robert has won three Emmys for his work on SNL and for Night of Too Many Stars, a biannual benefit he and his wife Michelle created that has raised over $32 million for autism programs nationwide, hosted by Jon Stewart. Robert’s Triumph Election Special ’16 earned Hulu its first-ever primetime Emmy nomination. His Grammy-nominated comedy album for Triumph, Come Poop With Me, somehow lost despite classics like “Underage Bichon” and “Cats Are C***s”. For more from Triumph (and sometimes Robert), follow him on Instagram, TikTok, Twitter and YouTube.
