---
title: The Black Effect Podcast Network Announces New Daily News Series, “Front Page”
url: https://content.iheartmedia.com/press/black-effect-podcast-network-announces-new-daily-news-series-front-page
date: '2026-05-25'
author: iHeartMedia
feed_url: https://feeds.feedburner.com/iHeartMediaPressReleases
---
News correspondent for The Breakfast Club and Emmy nominated journalist Mimi Brown hosts the new show Listen now HERE WHAT: iHeartMedia and Charlamagne Tha God’s Black Effect Podcast Network today announced “ Front Page ,” a new daily Black Effect original podcast and an extension of The Breakfast Club’s well-known “Front Page News” radio segment. Hosted by the current news correspondent for iHeart’s nationally syndicated morning show, The Breakfast Club, Mimi Brown will expand her on-air coverage of the most talked about news stories each weekday into easily digestible 10-to-12-minute episodes that will give listeners more of the headline-making details they crave. Fans can tune in now for a daily dose of top stories and breaking news across pop culture, sports, entertainment and more. WHO: Mimi Brown is an Emmy-nominated journalist, host and TV personality dedicated to amplifying untold stories. With a passion for storytelling that blends history, culture and community, she brings depth and heart to every project she touches. Her work spans television, radio and digital media, making an impact across platforms. WHEN: Today, Tuesday, May 12, 2026, with new episodes posting each weekday. WHERE: “Front Page” is distributed by iHeartPodcasts and available on the iHeartRadio app and everywhere podcasts are heard. Listen now here . EMBED PLAYER: <iframe allow="autoplay" width="100%" height="300" src=" https://www.iheart.com/podcast/1119-front-page-333270769/?embed=true " frameborder="0"></iframe> ASSESTS: Download show art HERE About Black Effect Podcast Network The Black Effect Podcast Network is a transformative network founded by renowned cultural architect, executive producer, bestselling author and media mogul Charlamagne Tha God in a historic joint venture with the world’s No. 1 commercial podcast publisher, iHeartMedia. Charlamagne and iHeartMedia created the groundbreaking first-ever Black Effect Podcast Network, celebrating the essential Black culture-shapers on the planet—in education, entertainment, politics, pop culture, and sports. The Black Effect Podcast Network gives rise to emerging and established content creators and storytellers whose perspectives and creative visions have been marginalized and overlooked while serving an audience that has been underserved. The Black Effect Podcast Network helps its partners define their place in podcast culture through influence, ideas, and experiences that engage, inspire, inform and empower.
