---
title: Sonoro and iHeartMedia’s My Cultura Podcast Network Launch “Help From A Hypocrite
  with Joey Dardano”
url: https://content.iheartmedia.com/press/sonoro-and-iheartmedias-my-cultura-podcast-network-launch-help-hypocrite-joey-dardano
date: '2026-05-25'
author: iHeartMedia
feed_url: https://feeds.feedburner.com/iHeartMediaPressReleases
---
Listen to the first episode now, HERE NEW YORK – April 29, 2026 – Today, Sonoro and My Cultura, iHeartMedia’s podcast network dedicated to elevating Latino voices and stories, announced the launch of their new comedy podcast, “ Help from a Hypocrite with Joey Dardano ,” giving out “the worst advice from the dumbest people you know.” The podcast is available beginning today, April 29, 2026 with new episodes available weekly on Wednesdays. Hosted and executive produced by comedian Joey Dardano, “Help from a Hypocrite,” will help listeners with their problems—by giving them the worst advice known to mankind. Those looking for some sage counseling to help with a serious issue... this is not the show for you. If listeners are in search of the most elaborate excuse to get out of their second cousin’s baby shower or help on how to end a prolonged situationship, then this is the perfect podcast. Joined by his comedian pals and internet personalities like Yvette Segan, Melissa Villaseñor, Nev Schulman, Grace O’Malley, George Civeris, The Cooligans and more, Dardano, who is best known for his stand up comedy and appearances on MTV’s Wild ‘N Out, will provide listeners with outlandish solutions to (not so) everyday problems. “Almost everything I’ve put online is short-form – a minute or less,” says host and EP Joey Dardano.  “I’m excited for those who’ve found me and stopped by for a quick laugh to finally stick around and hang a while with me on ‘Help from a Hypocrite’. Get to know each other. See if we can take our relationship further. I really want to thank Sonoro and My Cultura for giving me the space to have some fun with my hilarious friends. That’s what this is all about!!” “As a longtime fan of Joey’s comedy, I’m thrilled to launch ‘Help from a Hypocrite’ together with our team at Sonoro and our partners at My Cultura,” says Sonoro Director of Content Partnerships and series EP, Alex González. “Joey is a singular comedic voice and we can’t wait to bring fans along on our roller coaster of a podcast. Strap in – you’re in for a fun ride.” “Joey Dardano’s humor is sharp, unpredictable and instantly engaging, making ‘Help From A Hypocrite’ a perfect match for our listeners,” said Leo Gomez, Head of iHeart’s My Cultura Podcast Network. “This podcast captures the playful, culturally fluent comedy our listeners love, and we’re excited to team up with Sonoro again to bring it to life.” “ Help From A Hypocrite ” is available now on the iHeartRadio app, YouTube or wherever you get your podcasts. iHeartMedia’s My Cultura Podcast Network launched May 2021 in collaboration with Enrique Santos, iHeartMedia’s top-rated on-air personality and President and Chief Creative Officer of iHeartLatino, and has since welcomed actor, producer, entrepreneur and activist Wilmer Valderrama along with Eva Longoria and her studio Hyphenate Media Group as stakeholders. Since launch, the network has seen steady listener growth and has become home to more than 60 podcasts including hit series “ Chiquis and Chill ,” “ The Moment with Jorge Ramos and Paola Ramos ,” “ Bleep! with Ana Navarro ,” “ Against All Odds with Yris Palmer ,” “ More Better with Stephanie & Melissa ,” “ Princess of South Beach, '' “ Wrestling with Freddie, ” “ Sacred Scandal ,” “ Radio Ambulante ,” “ Magical Rewind, ” “ Agushto Papá ,” “ Enrique Santos Podcast ,” “ You vs You with Lex Borrero ,” “Starring: Desi Arnaz & Wilmer Valerrama,” and many more. All My Cultura shows are distributed by iHeartPodcasts. Listeners can find the full catalog of My Cultura podcasts here . Editor’s Note: Download the show cover art, HERE Include the podcast audio player directly into any article or website using the below embed code: <iframe allow="autoplay" width="100%" height="300" src=" https://www.iheart.com/podcast/1119-help-from-a-hypocrite-wit-331172572… " frameborder="0"></iframe> ABOUT SONORO: Sonoro is a global entertainment company that creates and distributes premium, culturally- relevant content that originates in audio and expands into TV, film, consumer products, live events, and beyond. Sonoro collaborates with leading and emerging storytellers to develop original IP in English, Spanish, and Spanglish. The company has launched twelve #1 hit shows, is developing 135 pieces of original IP, and has 18 television and film projects in active development. According to Podtrac, Sonoro is the 4th largest podcast network in the world (and the #1 network for multicultural creators), delivering 100 million downloads per month. Sonoro is based in Los Angeles, New York City, and Mexico City.
