---
title: iHeartPodcasts Launches “Look Back At It,” a New Weekly Series Hosted by Comedians
  Sam Jay and Alex English
url: https://content.iheartmedia.com/press/iheartpodcasts-launches-look-back-it-new-weekly-series-hosted-comedians-sam-jay-and-alex
date: '2026-05-25'
author: iHeartMedia
feed_url: https://feeds.feedburner.com/iHeartMediaPressReleases
---
Premiering April 29 in collaboration with “This Is Important,” the series follows the duo as they travel through time, exploring pop culture, politics and history with a comedic twist Special guests include Larry Wilmore, Marie Faustin and more Listen to the official trailer HERE NEW YORK – April 22, 2026 – iHeartPodcasts, the No. 1 podcast publisher globally according to Podtrac, and the creators of the hit series “ This Is Important ” – Blake Anderson, Adam Devine and Anders Holm – today announced the premiere of “Look Back At It,” a new comedic history podcast hosted by Emmy-nominated writer and stand-up comic Sam Jay and acclaimed comedian Alex English. Fans can listen to the official trailer HERE . The weekly series will feature hosts Jay and English hopping into a metaphorical time machine to spend a day in the past in hope of understanding the chaos that is sure to be the future. From pop culture and political news to scientific markers and medical breakthroughs, the duo alongside special guests including Larry Wilmore, Crissle West, Marc Lamont Hill, Tone Bell, Judy Gold, Clayton English, Mouse Jones, Sydnee Washington, Marie Faustin, Carl Jones and more will hold up a mirror to society and ask: “Did we really learn anything, or did we just become dumber?” “Look Back At It” is co-produced by the team behind “ This Is Important ,” Anderson, Devine and Holm. The team first partnered with iHeart in 2020 following the success of their hit TV series “Workaholics” which has since grown into a broader production partnership now bringing “Look Back At It” under their franchise umbrella. “I am truly thrilled to be doing this podcast with iHeart and the guys from ‘This Is Important.’ We have been homies for a while now so the chance to work with them on this project is what every artist dreams of—doing something cool with people you actually like,” said host Sam Jay. “And ‘Look Back At It’ is gonna fit well in their universe. Can’t wait for y’all to lock in and listen!! A time will be had for sure.” “Let’s face the facts. The world needs more podcasts. Thankfully Adam Devine, Anders Holm and Blake Anderson from ‘This Is Important’ listened and are bringing you more podcasts that are the most critically, crucially, important podcasts that will shift the earth off its axis and change the trajectory of humankind… Allegedly,” said the “This Is Important” creators. “We are excited to help launch ‘Look Back At It.’ Sam Jay is someone we’ve always found hilarious, with a disarming, fresh take on all things important, and Alex English is the perfect sidekick to her raw and original humor. We know this is the perfect first step in expanding the franchise with our favorite corporate overlord iHeart!” “Look Back At It” is distributed by iHeartPodcasts and is available on the iHeartRadio app and everywhere podcasts are heard beginning April 29, 2026. EDITOR’S NOTE: Podcast art is available for download HERE Podcast Embed Player: <iframe allow="autoplay" width="100%" height="300" src=" https://www.iheart.com/podcast/1119-look-back-at-it-331039596/?embed=true " frameborder="0"></iframe> About Sam Jay Stand-up comic and Emmy-nominated writer Sam Jay is best known as the Host and Executive Producer of HBO’s weekly late-night series Pause with Sam Jay. She also co-created and co-starred on the Peacock series Bust Down, with Langston Kerman, Jak Knight, and Chris Redd. She is a two-time Emmy nominee and WGA award nominee for her writing on Saturday Night Live. Sam’s first HBO special, Sam Jay: Salute Me Or Shoot Me, is now available to stream. Sam’s solo show We The People, just wrapped a hugely successful run at Edinburgh Fringe Fest in which the show was nominated for Best Comedy Show, and won The Uprise Award, which recognizes shows that dare to provoke, disrupt and reframe discussions. Sam was a standout on the dais at Netflix’s The Roast of Tom Brady. In 2018, she wrote for The 70th Primetime Emmy Awards and the MTV Movie & TV Awards, and in 2020 she wrote for the BET Awards. Sam was recently featured both on and off camera as the “Voice of God” announcer at the 74th Primetime Emmy Awards on NBC. In 2023, Sam recorded a set as part of Netflix’s Stand Out: An LGBTQ+ Celebration, along with Margaret Cho, Sandra Bernhard, Billy Eichner, and Eddie Izzard—now streaming on Netflix. Sam was named as one of Variety’s 10 Comics to Watch in 2018, and a Comedy Central Comic to Watch in 2015, and in 2017 was selected for Just For Laughs: New Faces Showcase. She has performed on Netflix’s The Comedy Lineup, ABC’s Jimmy Kimmel Live!; and released her Comedy Central Presents half hour to rave reviews. Sam has performed internationally at comedy clubs and festivals including the Vodafone Dublin Comedy Festival, Bumbershoot Festival, 208 Comedy Festival, New York Comedy Festival, Portland’s Bridgetown Festival, The Laugh Your Asheville Off Comedy Festival, Boston’s Women In Comedy Festival, among others. Sam’s 2020 special, Sam Jay: 3 in the Morning, is now available to stream on Netflix. Sam can currently be seen opposite Jonah Hill, Eddie Murphy, and Julia Louis-Dreyfus in the Kenya Barris-directed feature film, You People, now on Netflix. Sam’s other TV credits include her hosting role on Ricking Morty, the Rick and Morty post-show on Adult Swim. Additional TV credits include The Eric Andre Show; HBO Max’s That Damn Michael Che; MTV’s SafeWord; a recurring role on TV Land’s Nobodies; Starz’s Take My Wife, Comedy Central’s White Flight, Crank Yankers, The Meltdown with Jonah and Kumail, and Broad City; and Viceland’s Party Legends and Flophouse. Sam is originally from Boston and currently splits her time between New York and Atlanta. About Alex English Alex English is an Emmy-nominated writer and comedian whose credits include the upcoming Barbershop adaptation for Amazon, Bad Thoughts for Netflix and three seasons writing on NBC’s Saturday Night Live. New York Magazine listed English as a “Comedian You Should & Will Know” and The New York Times lauded him as one of “The Queer Young Comics Redefining American Humor.” His other writing credits include theNational Lampoon Radio Hour podcast, B.E.T’s The Rundown with Robin Thede and Netflix’sThe Fix with Jimmy Carr. As a performer, English has appeared on such shows as Paramount+’s Inside Amy Schumer, HBOMax’s That Damn Michael Che, HBO’s Pause with Sam Jay and High Maintenance. He also appeared on Peacock’s New York After Dark and the Ilana Glazer produced Tight Five for Comedy Central Digital. As a stand up, he headlines clubs around the country and has opened for such comedians as Michael Che, Roy Wood, Jr., Michelle Wolf, Colin Jost and Sam Morril.
